# Expanded Galaxy Port
KotOR : Expanded Galaxy is a port of the first game to the second games version of the engine as well as a mod that adds the planets from the second game and a bunch of fixes / changes / additions.

## WORK IN PROGRESS

As I am actively working on the project, things may be broken from time to time, I apologise in advance for any bugs or faults you may encounter when downloading directly from the repository.

Hoping to put out a proper release of all three parts of the project again some time soon.

## Installation

Requires the Main part of the project! [https://github.com/Thor110/Expanded-Galaxy-Main]

This also requires that you own and have a copy of the original game installed.

In order to install to different versions of the game, please edit the namespaces.ini and put your version to number one, this is a temporary solution until the custom build of HoloPatcher gets recompiled with a new dropdown for the namespaces.ini entries. ( Steam is the default )

# Playing the game

- launcher.exe - This is for choosing between KotOR1 & KotOR2 and is installed to the main game directory.
- launcher.bat - This is also for choosing between KotOR1 & KotOR2 and is installed to the main game directory. ( This is here as a backup incase the new executable doesn't work for anyone )

You can also just launch the game directly, but this won't allow you to choose between KotOR1 and KotOR2.

## Repository folder and file structure
# Folders
Artwork - contains artwork such as the Icon and Launcher images.

Expanded Galaxy Port Installer - the port installer folder containing the source folder and tslpatchdata folder as well as HoloPatcher.

changes - contains the components of the changes.ini files.

future - future stuff to work on.
- 00 Original TSL Galaxy Map Locations - original galaxy map locations for Korriban & Dantooine.
- 01 Xbox Version - Xbox .xbe file and .gui files.
- Brotherhood Cutscenes - brotherhood cutscenes to edit to replace movie cutscenes.
- File List Mini Project - a set of file lists which are going to be integrated into the installer in order to pull the majority of the required files from the original games installation in order to reduce the filesize of this project.
- LegacySupport - notes and files for legacy support.
- planet_99 Star Forge - Star Forge Galaxy Map Model.
- Swoop Track Testing - Swoop track testing.
- Test Scripts - test scripts.
- Texture Overhaul - the beginnings of a set of lists that will eventually be used as a basis for working on a texture overhaul for the project.
- Turret Minigame - turret minigame testing.
- 00-remove-from-port-file-list.txt - files that might be able to be removed from the port-file-list with further work to ensure they aren't necessary.
- load_001ebo.tga - to load screen or not to load screen, that is the question.
- original gui values.txt - research on the hard coded colour values in the game's executable.
- port issues.txt - bug note.
- port item highlight.txt - kotor 1 item highlight colour values.

Launcher - contains the source project for the custom launcher.

modules - contains the level files organised into folders denoting the planet and module names as well as the .mod files themselves, I use this to quickly and easily repack levels.

saves - the latest common save for testing purposes.

Scripts Left To Decompile - scripts that haven't been decompiled yet exist here.

# Files
- .gitattributes - the gitattributes file.
- .gitignore - the gitignore file.
- find-includes.bat - a batch script to generate a list of all scripts that use include scripts.
- includes.txt - a text file generated by "find-includes.bat" that contains a list of all scripts that use include scripts.
- k1-port-bugs.ods - bug tracking.
- README.md - the readme.md file.
- update-changes.ini.bat - A batch file used for updating the changes.ini files by constructing them from the parts in the changes folder.
- update-everything.bat - A batch script that runs through all of the relevant steps to recompile scripts, modules, the changes.ini file and zip the latest release of the project.
- update-missing-file-list.bat - A batch script that automatically updates missing-file-list.txt which contains files that already exist in the base game, but are required for swapping between the two.
- update-modules.bat - A batch file used for recompiling and updating the .mod files inside the "Expanded Galaxy Port Installer\tslpatchdata\modules" directory using those from the "modules" folder.
- update-release.bat - A batch file for zipping the latest release of the project.
- update-scripts.bat - A batch script for compiling all scripts in all sub-directories.
- version.txt - the current version number.