{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fprq2\fcharset0 Papyrus;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\f0\fs20\lang1033 <----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Port Patch Notes\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar <----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.2.1\par
KotOR2Logo.tga updated to logo_sw_02.tga from : {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2160-topaz-gigapixel-ai-upscales-k1/ }}{\fldrslt{https://deadlystream.com/files/file/2160-topaz-gigapixel-ai-upscales-k1/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
Yuthura added as a new row to the appearance.2da instead of a change row.\par
Upscaled KotOR Logo by Topax GigaPixel AI Included\par
Launcher and installer updated\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.2.0\par
pykotorcli.exe updated\par
installer updated\par
launcher updated\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.9\par
Templates created and installer updated to rename files for the template so that it exists by default.\par
Installer updated and launcher created.\par
Typo fixed in registry check for GoG Users in the installer.\par
GitHub Repository Cleaned Up & Duplicates Removed\par
Galaxy Map Scripts recompiled to change when on the Unknown World, Korriban or Dantooine.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.8\par
installer updated\par
readme updated\par
PyKotOR recompiled\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.7\par
ambientmusic.2da patching fixed in main installer.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.6\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Thor110/Expanded-Galaxy-Main }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Thor110/Expanded-Galaxy-Main\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
"Syntax Errors Fixed" - 28/07/2023\par
Installer Release\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.6\par
strings 353/354/355 changed back to jedi classes\par
classes.2da removed from both templates and the port install\par
classes set back to their original values for all .utc files except those that have been given advanced jedi or sith classes\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.5\par
Yavin Station Hangar by WildKarrde included with both parts of the project.\par
Duplicate TGA files removed that already exist as TPC files.\par
Template patches created and files included in main patch for the Yavin Station Hangar have been removed from the port patch.\par
Shaleena now properly goes back to randomly walking after the first dialog in the undercity on Taris.\par
Bioware and Obsidian intro movies added back to the project and game template patches.\par
The cutscenes in stunt_12 & stunt_14 with Malak about Calo Nord and Darth Bandon now happen when travelling from planet to planet under the correct conditions.\par
Patch seemed to be missing updated modules.\par
Shader Fixes from JCarter426 included with the main part of the project and added to the template.\par
Ebon Hawk Armband removed from the player while in the Sith Base on Manaan and during the encounter with Calo Nord on Tatooine.\par
Ebon Hawk Armband removed while in the underwater base on Manaan if the plot hasn't been advanced ( because the player can return there ) and given back to the player during the Selkath Ambush after returning to the surface.\par
The Ebon Hawk Armband is now added back to your inventory if you come back up from the underwater base early.\par
Darth Bandon and Calo Nord Encounters have been balanced better and the Ebon Hawk Armband is now only added to your inventory if you come back from the underwater base early, not if you have completed the star map solving an issue where the player could end up with two or more armbands.\par
Ebon Hawk Armband removed when entering the Leviathan and returned to the player when leaving.\par
Fixed Saul Karath's death scene and issues arriving at the final star map planet.\par
Ebon Hawk Exit to Central Beach and the Star Forge from ebo_m41aa now just says "Exit Ebon Hawk" like it does in the normal ebo_m12aa level.\par
Star Forge balancing resolved and the galaxy map no longer displays the Star Forge as well as now plays the departure from Lehon again after game completion ( Light Side )\par
Star Forge description and name updated.\par
The Ebon Hawk now has the storage bay from the first game instead of the one from the second game.\par
Tatooine Sandcrawler removed and model variants added to the templates.\par
Yuthura and Bastila now appear on the main menu when entering the academy and leaving the Leviathan.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.4\par
Fixed an issue where the landing on the Starforge could loop forever through the galaxy map. - ebo_m41aa\par
Fixed a cutscene that would break due to the original games model height differential scripts. - stunt_44\par
Fixed a loop in the darkside ending cutscene of the game and spawned the player back on the Ebon Hawk.\par
K2 Template Patched and temporary folder removed from patch. Also created a combined patch for 1.1.2 & 1.1.3\par
Scripts in sta_m45ac cleaned up and module repacked.\par
Removed the Rapit Transit Journal Entry when first using the armband or when using it at the hideout without having used it in the field.\par
Taris Armband removed when entering Daviks Estate.\par
Bastila joins the party on the Star Forge when leaving the Ebon Hawk during a dark side playthrough\par
Hammerhead doors in the end game bridge cutscenes are no longer blue.\par
Entering the Ebon Hawk on Lehon after the game no longer goes to ebo_m41aa if the game has been completed.\par
WP_from_ebonhawk is now at the entry coordinates for the module so that exiting the Ebon Hawk goes to the correct location.\par
The Ebon Hawk Armband is now removed from the inventory when first travelling to the Lehon system and added back after completing the game.\par
The final cutscene with Bastila on Lehon now only plays when the game hasn't been completed.\par
Manaan now has a lockout message on the galaxy map when the player is exiled from Ahto City.\par
Companion dialog about planets now happens properly as "K_CURRENT_PLANET" is now set accordingly when arriving at your destination.\par
K2 Planets disabled until the modules are created.\par
Ebon Hawk Transit fixed so that after the game it doesn't play the leaving Yavin Movie when first travelling to a planet.\par
The Star Map Visions now play when travelling to the relevant locations.\par
Bastila can no longer travel on Korriban.\par
K_CURENT_PLANET numerical values applied to all worlds.\par
Commented and tested. ( k_sup_galaxymap.nss/.ncs )\par
Elora no longer spawns unless Jolee has joined the party.\par
The triggers for Zaalbar and Party dialog regarding Zaalbar on the Czerka Docking Platform now work again.\par
The Sith in the fifth room now properly throws the grenade in the battle cutscene.\par
K2 Planet Folders Moved\par
The appearance of the thugs with Canderous in the Undercity encounter is now correct. ( tar_m04aa )\par
Clothes updated for Outcast M 41 and a #10 variant added for the basic clothing.\par
All outcasts in the undercity now have the correct appearance.\par
The Jedi on Dantooine is no longer a Trandoshan and has the correct appearance. Still wearing the wrong robes though.\par
Christya, Niklos and Femduel001 now have the correct appearances.\par
the Czerka Trade Officer now has the correct appearance but lacks their uniform.\par
Czerka Staff now have the correct appearance by head but lack their uniforms.\par
the pilots in the Dreshdae Cantina on Korriban now have the correct appearance.\par
Three Czerka Variants created using the correct heads, now the orange Twilek on Tatooine and on Kashyyyk has the correct appearance as do the two humans by him on the landing platform.\par
Yuthura's entry in the appearance.2da file now has her wearing the Sith Uniform.\par
Sith Student Appearances Corrected\par
Tariga and the Sith Teacher now have the correct appearances.\par
the Sith Officer in the Kolto Center now has the correct appearance.\par
Traveler on Manaan now has the correct appearance and is no longer invisible.\par
Roland, the Prisoner and a Republic Soldier now have the correct appearances.\par
Gar no longer has the appearance of Mandalore.\par
Installed previous patches to the release repository.\par
The guards in the Lower Shadowlands now have the correct appearance.\par
The Bounty Hunter guarding the torture room in Davik's estate now has the correct appearance.\par
Stunt music and sounds should all be correct now, though envaudio might not be.\par
Bastila can no longer travel on Korriban, again.\par
the sitting versions of the Bith, Rodian and Swoopgang members now have their proper textures.\par
Suvam Tan is no longer called Advanced Stabilizer Gloves.\par
The Protocol Officer in the Czerka Office and the Mining Captain in the Dune Sea now have the correct appearances.\par
Hendar in the Undercity now has the correct appearance.\par
Added back in the worlds from the second game and started recreating the script k_ptar_reprun that cannot be decompiled from tar_m04aa and causes the player to get stuck in a cutscene with a republic soldier after saving them.\par
Noble Youth or tar02_femyouth23.utc now has the correct appearance.\par
The doors in the Bek Base are now locked.\par
The party of Jedi that greet you on the Star Forge now have the correct appearances.\par
The second group of Jedi you come across on the Star Forge now have the correct appearance.\par
The Jedi "Victims" of Malak in sta_m45ac now have the correct appearances.\par
Furko now has the correct head texture.\par
The Trigger in the fight with Chuundar can no longer be retriggered by walking too far away from the center of the fight.\par
The Czerka Guard at the back right on Kashyyyk in the Chieftains hall now has the correct appearance.\par
Yuthura no longer joins you for the battle with the Star Forge droids and remains with Bastila. Dark Side.\par
Files "moved" because folders were renamed.\par
After beating Bastila and returning her to the light side, the door to the droid battle is no longer locked.\par
Yuthura now properly joins the ceremony at the end of the game if she has joined you.\par
Yuthura's position has been refined so that she faces the correct directions during the final cutscene of the game.\par
Janos now properly goes back to walking to the office if you talk to him while he is walking back.\par
When exiting to the Star Forge from the Ebon Hawk, companions are no longer completely stuck, but seem to be unable to make their way past the sith encounter until you have made your way to the second door. Possible pathing issues.\par
Colour crystal items from levels in the first game have been swapped for colour crystal items from the second game due to them not properly functioning.\par
Lightsaber crystals that were the same in both games have been replaced in all levels with their K2 .uti files.\par
The Trandoshans that hassle Suvam Tan on Yavin Station now have the correct appearance.\par
Removed old crystals and altered one of the scripts for Stampy in the Taris sewers.\par
Stunt_00 cutscene now properly plays when first travelling to the Star Map worlds using the galaxy map.\par
The turrets in the Sand People Territory are no longer surrounded by a trigger that insta-kills the player.\par
Enemies in manm27aa have been weakened and missing dialog from manm26aa has been fixed.\par
kas22_czguard_01.utc in kas_m22ab now has the correct appearance.\par
Zaalbar no longer gets stuck in place if you talk to him while he is walking back from the stowaway cutscene.\par
The cell door in the Leviathan Prison Block now requires a key which means that T3-M4 cannot open the cell door without using the console and activating the cutscene.\par
Canderous dialog about the Ebon Hawk in lev_m40aa now plays.\par
Enemies on the Leviathan are not so strong anymore.\par
Malak's laugh now plays during the confrontation on the Leviathan and Malak's theme music now properly plays during the cutscene.\par
Malak grunt sound used as a voice file during the Leviathan encounter from StreamSounds included with the project in StreamVoice folder and hangar exit script no longer changes the Ebon Hawk background variables.\par
After exiting the Leviathan and travelling to the next planet, the movie depicting the Ebon Hawk leaving the previous planet no longer plays.\par
Some enemies on Korriban are not as strong as they used to be. ( korr_m35aa, korr_m36aa, korr_m39aa )\par
Enemies in unk_m41aa are no longer too strong and various enemies have had their soundsets corrected.\par
Enemies in unk_m41ab, unk_m41ac and unk_m41ad are no longer overly powerful.\par
Enemies on all four levels of the Star Forge and the remaining levels of the Unknown World are no longer overly powerful.\par
All doors in the game have been set to NotBlastable to ensure they have the flag.\par
Bastila Health Restored due to an issue with her being invincible during the rooftop encounter in unk_m44ac.\par
After completing the game travelling to a planet no longer plays the leaving planet for the Unknown World Lehon.\par
Installed current patches to the release repository.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.3\par
ebon hawk and taris armbands now return you to the exact location from which you left.\par
ebo_m41aa - Fixed an issue where the landing on the Starforge could loop forever through the galaxy map.\par
stunt_44 - Fixed a cutscene that would break due to the original games model height differential scripts.\par
sta_m45aa - some scripts cleaned up.\par
stunt_55a - fixed a loop in the darkside ending cutscene of the game and spawned the player back on the Ebon Hawk.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.2\par
HP adjusted for every enemy in the game.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.1\par
missed a few files from previous versions and properly updated the template files\par
health duplication bug is fixed and enemy balancing should now be much better.\par
items added back to all levels, I had removed them as many were contained in the override but it seems some were not.\par
default loading screen added back in\par
recompiled stunt modules, ebon hawk modules and sleheyron. Also added missing values to all character sheets.\par
tar_m10ac - workbench dialog properly starts now\par
t3-m4 now has voiceover for companion dialog\par
dan_m14ac - dantooine murder case now works\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.1.0\par
workbench scroll bar is now blue - uibit_fill_16b.tga\par
gauntlet item string references for g1_i_gauntlet01.uti updated from\par
48149 to 136391\par
48150 to 136392\par
danm13\par
Zhar's missing voice over fixed\par
m33aa - dreshdae\par
missing voiceover from encounter with sith thugs fixed\par
ebon hawk model fixed\par
unk_m41aa\par
missing voiceover with duros on lehon fixed\par
tar_m04aa\par
missing voiceover line for infected outcast fixed\par
war veteran feat removed\par
string 22095 changed from Zaalbar to T3-M4\par
rakghoul serum is no longer a stack of 99 stims ( still a stim icon though )\par
danm13 & danm14aa - excess files removed ( test scripts )\par
001ebo / end_m01aa - fixed an issue where occasionally the republic soldier would kill both of the sith soldiers leaving the player stuck in dialog\par
ebon hawk armband now prompts a dialog when trying to warp in combat or when the player character is dead\par
Trayus Rank Reform now properly included again ( Sith missing heads etc )\par
\par
Missing Patch Notes 1.0.9\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.8\par
sta_m45ad\par
some scripts cleaned up and recompiled\par
end_m01aa/001ebo\par
scripts cleaned up / recompiled\par
dialog NodeIDs sorted\par
end_m01ab\par
scripts cleaned up / recompiled\par
dialog NodeIDs sorted\par
tar_m02aa\par
tar_m02ab\par
tar_m02ac\par
tar_m02ad\par
tar_m02ae\par
tar_m02af\par
dialog NodeIDs sorted\par
end_m01aa\par
dialog break fixed on the bridge with trask\par
dialog NodeIDs sorted\par
end_m01ab\par
journal entry added at correct time\par
door to carth now opens properly\par
dialog NodeIDs sorted\par
stunt_00\par
dialog NodeIDs sorted\par
with the NodeIDs sorted for all the dialog files in the above levels\par
everything for Endar Spire through the Stunt cutscene and all of Upper Taris\par
should be free of dialog skipping, further testing is required.\par
Star Forge NodeIDs Sorted\par
Yavin Station NodeIDs Sorted\par
Leviathan NodeIDs Sorted\par
Stunt Module NodeIDs Sorted\par
tar_m03af - swoop announcer dialog fixed\par
tar_m02ac - lab station added to Zelkas Medical Facility\par
All Relevant K1 Items Updated to be Upgradeable\par
tar_m02ac - cantina door no longer shows security\par
endar spire - doors now have appropriate health values\par
zaalbars global dialog is fixed\par
t3m4s global dialog is fixed\par
hk47s global dialog is fixed\par
any scripts that exist in the override have been removed from modules to reduce install size by not much at all\par
Zone Catalogue Scripts Triggers & Placeables Removed from all levels\par
consular and sentinel classes should be properly granted now\par
Unknown World Temple Force Field can no longer be blasted with mines\par
Kashyyyk Force Field can no longer be blasted with mines\par
Dantooine correctly locked out after the leviathan sequence\par
Manaan is no longer absent from the galaxy map\par
Workbench in temple on unknown world now has K2 functionality\par
Taris workbench now properly opens after the initial dialog\par
airlock doors on Manaan can no longer be blasted with mines\par
The mission by the name of "Energy Emitter Mk 3" is now correctly titles "Premium Merchant"\par
strings 49998 & 49999 are used in global.jrl instead of the previous strings 42??? & 43???\par
Saving Hendar in the Taris undercity now correctly grants light side points when speaking to Hendar\par
Letting the Vulkar / Ex-Bek live in the Vulkar base now correctly grants light side points\par
Bastila now rejoins the party when added back to the party towards the end of the game\par
Ebon Hawk is now in space after leaving the leviathan\par
A lab station is now available on Manaan in the Kolto Distribution Center\par
A lab station is now available on Kashyyyk at the Czerka Facility\par
A lab station is now available on Dantooine at the Aratech Mercantile Store\par
A lab station is now available on Tatooine in the Droid Store\par
A lab station is now available on Korriban in the Sith Academies Interrogation Room\par
A lab station is now available in the Temple on the Unknown World in the Armory\par
A lab station is now present on the Ebon Hawk\par
The workbench on the Ebon Hawk now has the correct appearance of a workbench instead of a lab station\par
Sith Base Passcard is no longer a stack or an upgrade item and has its own unique strings 49996 & 49997\par
ebo_m12aa - Zaalbar, T3-M4 & Sasha now have audio for their dialog on the ebon hawk\par
ebo_m40aa - Zaalbar & T3-M4 dialog audio\par
ebo_m40ad - Zaalbar & T3-M4 dialog audio\par
ebo_m41aa - Zaalbar & T3-M4 dialog audio\par
more NodeIDs sorted ( entry, reply & starting lists in each entry of each dialog file )\par
Endar Spire, stunt_00 & All of Taris have the NodeIDs sorted properly\par
Hopefully dialog skipping will not occur anymore and I will also fix the rest eventually\par
repute.fac removed from levels where it was still present\par
all of the global dialog nodeid's sorted\par
NodeIDs sorted up to the first level of Dantooine...\par
k2 workbnch.dlg NodeIDs sorted\par
doors appropriately locked with a key required to prevent security being usable when it isn't needed\par
001ebo / end_m01aa\par
end_m01ab\par
tar_m02ac\par
tar_m02ab\par
tar_m03aa\par
100% of the port's dialogs NodeID's sorted\par
000_medstation.dlg NodeIDs sorted\par
Some Animations Fixed and all models that contain animations have been reconverted with the proper supermodels\par
four files added to both templates ( these will be removed in future if possible to minimise bloat )\par
galaxymap_x.gui ( might not be needed )\par
l_drdprot02.mdl ( sort of fixes the protocol droids model on Taris )\par
l_drdprot02.mdx ( etc extension data for the above model file )\par
swoopup_p.gui ( coloured gui for the swoop upgrades )\par
all levels recompiled with many missing scripts added\par
galaxy map script updated again\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.7\par
Manaan, Kashyyyk, Korriban, Lehon, the Leviathan and the Star Forge balancing issues have been resolved\par
Trask set back to Level 4 on the Endar Spire\par
Alien Dialog should be fixed on all planets now\par
Taris & Ebon Hawk Armbands now allow you to select your party when returning to your previous location.\par
liv_m99aa - Suvam Tan on Yavin Station now has the correct appearance\par
tar_m02ac - Kebla Yurt on Taris now has a placeholder appearance\par
tar_m02ab - T3-M4 joining now has the correct dialog\par
tar_m03ae - Canderous joining now has the correct dialog\par
tar_m04aa - Mission joining now has the correct dialog\par
tar_m05aa - Zaalbar joining now has the correct dialog\par
Dantooine Enclave Sublevel added\par
korr_m33aa Appearances for various characters fixed\par
tar_m08aa - ebon hawk ramp dialog fixed\par
Dantooine Kath Hound Sounds Fixed\par
all journal entries planet id's updated and various dialog.tlk file strings updated to contain mission location\par
to make up for the lack of an associated planetid for places like the Star Forge, the Ebon Hawk, Endar Spire or the Leviathan\par
ebo_m12aa - dialog for galaxy map fixed\par
kas_m25ab - lost shadowlands level and entrance to/from added\par
kas_m24aa - When Jolee joins it now has the correct dialog\par
Kashyyyk - katarns now have the right death sounds\par
danm17 - dantooine enclave sublevel added ( the laigrek, containers and items remain from k2 )\par
lev_m40ac - canderous dialog now has voiceover\par
after leaving the leviathan it no longer plays the animation taking off from the planet you just left\par
correct planet destination is now set on the galaxy map and leaving movie is set correctly also\par
can no longer leave dantooine early\par
dantooine is now stricken from the galaxy map after the leviathan sequence\par
\par
Missing Patch Notes 1.0.6\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.5\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.4\par
tar_m09ab - sith boss at sith base now has the correct classes\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.3\par
Nar Shaddaa Docks Sealed Doors opened\par
Nar Shaddaa Swoop Track Added\par
Dxun modules cleaned up a little\par
utc soundsetfile numbers have been updated in the following locations\par
Ebon Hawk\par
Endar Spire\par
Taris\par
Tatooine\par
Manaan\par
Kashyyyk\par
Korriban\par
Stunt Scenes\par
Dantooine\par
Yavin Station\par
Leviathan\par
Unknown World\par
Star Forge\par
level names altered\par
danm15\par
danm16\par
danm17 ( not an original k1 level ) but I still removed aa from it's name\par
renamed from danm##aa to remove the aa so they retain original level names\par
basic music table built new name strings #50000-50100 approx\par
enemy classes corrected in the following locations\par
Endar Spire\par
Taris\par
Stunt Scenes\par
Ebon Hawk\par
Dantooine\par
Tatooine\par
Manaan\par
Kashyyyk\par
Korriban\par
Yavin Station\par
Leviathan\par
Unknown World\par
Star Forge\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.2\par
tar_m02ae - module recompiled\par
tar_m02af - scripts and module recompiled ( combatants no longer get stuck in the dueling ring )\par
dialog with carth and bastila no longer plays repeatedly\par
tar_m03aa - canderous no longer disappears when re-entering the level using a saved game\par
more loading screens made and added in the style of the second game ( only four left to make ? )\par
dialog.tlk - Taris inaccessible description updated\par
lehon north beach to the one trigger / script fixed again\par
Nar Shaddaa is now traversable without winding up in K2s Nar Shaddaa\par
Dxun is now fully traversable without winding up in K2s Dxun\par
Coruscant is now fully travesable without winding up in K2s Coruscant\par
Malachor V has been removed from the galaxy map for now\par
M4-78 is now fully traversable without winding up in K2s M4-78\par
placeable Ebon Hawk by Stoney included\par
Coruscant Undercity Added\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.1\par
Darth Revan Flowing Robes Fix included by Hunters Run\par
Bastila model fixed\par
companion utc's updated with the correct classes and soundsets\par
check party script leaving the ebon hawk fixed to prevent travelling to the K2 version of manaan\par
broken dialog windows in tar_m09aa fixed\par
new loading screens for lots of levels\par
danm17aa made but not implemented ( jedi library dantooine )\par
danm14aa door to danm17aa opened but not linked.\par
dialog issue fixed on the Sith Base tar_m09aa\par
exiting and returning from coruscant, nar shaddaa, dxun & m478 now works properly\par
( some planets and transitions may still not work )\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 1.0.0\par
Coruscant planet dialog re-added\par
Native Species added to all planets dialog\par
appearance and heads 2da corrected\par
yuthura can no longer breathe underwater\par
stowaway cutscene should no longer happen until its meant to\par
party duplication glitch fixed ( I think )\par
entering manaan from underwater gains yuthura back if selected as a companion now\par
music table made for the first games music\par
load hints added from the first game\par
yuthura removed during star forge sequence properly\par
taris duel arena now works properly\par
heads 2da updated ( trayus reform )\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.9\par
various issues fixed during playthrough\par
Native Species added to new planet dialog along with the planet names\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.8\par
tatooine loading screens fixed\par
template missing soundset fixed\par
conditionals fixed for carth - tar_m02af\par
more conditionals fixed - tar_m02aa\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.7\par
Rapid Transit Quest now progresses properly and cannot be completed more than once\par
Janice Fixed Again? For the fifth time? Why/how do I keep un-doing some fixes...\par
store inventory gui colours updated\par
tar_m02ab - minimap fixed ( or not, the scale is off also )\par
gui colours updated to correct any textboxes that were not set correctly\par
appearance and base items updated for kreias fall cutscene in main project, 2das used in both projects\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.6\par
galaxy map script updated to original level names\par
dantooine level name changed\par
level transitions should now all be fixed\par
normal quest entries no longer removed before the starforge on ebo_m41aa\par
.gui updated\par
textures for gui updated\par
stunt_19 recompiled\par
test another light side run if possible with side quests?\par
soundset.2da updated k1.utc's soundset#+65\par
endar spire gear check\par
endar spire level check\par
endar spire room3 cutscene\par
endar spire track stuck\par
endar spire trask dialog correction\par
endar spire journal entry added\par
endar spire journal entry removed\par
taris armband & ebon armband updated ( returns player to previous destination )\par
tar_m02ae - dueling ring ends properly now\par
companion models fixed ( except Juhani )\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.5\par
dor_lsi01 correct door added from K1 ( reconverted, seemed to be absent )\par
extra door not used present in original games files\par
appearance.2da updated for the swoopgang member that was missing a texture\par
dialog.tlk from tslrcm 1.8.6 in template 0.0.8 K2\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.4\par
001ebo / end_m01ab - endm01.pth renamed to 001ebo.pth but Trask still stuck after first sith battle cutscene sequence, must be a scripted issue or command.\par
credit to an anonymous benefactor or mysterious stranger for the script that utilised xoreos tools to convert the dialog for the first game to work in the second game's engine\par
properly. ( so that it could utilise the features of the second engine and not just function as they were if I were to need them in the future or any future modders )\par
the above should have been noted before, so credit to xoreos as well for xoreos tools which converted\par
the dialog files from .dlg to .xml and could then be handled by the script mentioned above.\par
galaxy map script altered to remove all extra planets except Coruscant and Yavin.\par
template modified accordingly\par
endar spire module slightly altered with a new path, but I think Trask being stuck is scripted.\par
tatooine turrets in sand people territory altered?\par
janice droid sale fixed\par
rapid transit taris armband added with journal entry\par
ebon hawk armband added when leaving Taris and taris armband removed\par
Sleheyron Added, Coruscant re-added.\par
Yuthura added as a companion that can be persuaded to join you on Korriban.\par
Yuthura added to the Ebon Hawk.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.3 & 0.9.2\par
end_m01ab - pod leaving script fixed ( crashing fixed ?.! ) via stunt00 module ( make sure the same is said for later in the game )\par
dialog.tlk - jedi classes changed to republic classes from k1\par
templates - 0.0.6 - file structure changed so that everything is in the override folder again\par
File Structure Cleaned Up And Prepared For Main Beta approaching Beta Release alongside hot-swap concept for KotOR2 Engine\par
\par
Missing Port Patch Notes 0.9.1\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.9.0\par
File Structure Re-arranged for both main and port projects\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.9\par
Blank Text File\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.8\par
All Levels Rebuilt\par
missing lightmaps and other files added\par
sith disguise and sith papers fixed\par
localization.mod that combines K1 & K2 lip files are combined\par
k_con_carthpm.ncs/.nss fixed so that carth can join in conversations with NPC's\par
all pm scripts fixed\par
sun glare fixed\par
missing scripts added\par
skipped broken cutscenes for now\par
Ebon Hawk Re-Mapped & Galaxy Map Script Edited\par
Many Level Transitions Fixed\par
Janice Dialog fixed\par
Visas Cutscene Trigger Fixed\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.7\par
All Levels Rebuilt\par
missing lightmaps and other files added\par
sith disguise and sith papers fixed\par
localization.mod that combines K1 & K2 lip files are combined\par
k_con_carthpm.ncs/.nss fixed so that carth can join in conversations with NPC's\par
\par
Missing Port Patch Notes 0.8.6\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.5\par
All base modules built and added for every level.\par
Textures will be missing for some areas like the Leviathan, Star Forge, Dantooine and maybe others.\par
\par
Missing Port Patch Notes 0.8.4 - 0.8.3\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.2\par
ebo_m46ab\par
\tab - Dialog file updated to K2 format\par
\tab - VO Converted and added\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.1\par
liv_m99ac\par
\tab - Waitresses added to the Cantina\par
sle_m30aa\par
\tab - Slaves added to the City area\par
904MAL\par
\tab - GBL_MAIN_SITH_LORD set to 4 after completing the game ( showing your last player character on the menu )\par
209TEL\par
\tab - Fixed a bug where converstation with the Rodian & Devaronian Bounty would start during combat with the Mercenaries\par
\tab - Made sure the conversation will still start if the Mercenaries are not there\par
liv_m99ad\par
\tab - Hutt dialog added\par
\tab - rug under hutt added\par
\tab - placeables added on both tables\par
sle_m30aa\par
\tab - rodian encounter fixed\par
liv_m99ac\par
\tab - rodian encounter updated to match\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.8.0\par
Journal\par
\tab - all "Telos" Planet entries modified to "Telos : Citadel Station" instead of "Lehon"\par
\tab - all "Peragus" entries PlanetID updated from 8 to 5\par
\tab - "Ebon Hawk" planet ID removed from Quest's due to PlanetID 2 now being MalachorV\par
\tab - Malachor V changed from PlanetID 5 to 2 which was the Ebon Hawks Planet ID\par
\tab - Quest entry for Telos Spice Smuggling added\par
901MAL\par
\tab - Spawn Position changed to the Elevator on the Ebon Hawk\par
\tab - Ebon Hawk Map Waypoint moved to the same as the Spawn Position\par
\tab - Possibility to add a cutscene and make use of room animation 10 for the Ebon Hawk on Malachor V\par
301NAR\par
\tab - Fixed dialog starting with Opo Chano when you open both doors to the Cantina\par
952COR\par
\tab - Dead Jedi Council Member Added\par
954COR\par
\tab - HK Encounter Added\par
950COR\par
\tab - Dialog updated to start the Coruscant Quest, this can also be started by visiting Coruscant\par
Sleheyron\par
\tab - Gammorrean Guards given dialog\par
\tab - Music updated for all areas in Sleheyron\par
liv_m99ab\par
\tab - Merchant store added, duplicate of yavin merchant for the moment\par
liv_m99ac\par
\tab - Dialog for Rodian Patron & Telos Spice Smuggling Quest fixed\par
\tab - Pazaak Opponent and Card Merchant added\par
\tab - Pazaak Cards & Stein Placeables\par
\tab - Trandoshans & Dialog Added\par
\tab - Dialog for Rodian Gang Members Added\par
liv_m99ad\par
\tab - Droids added\par
\tab - Merchant added\par
liv_m99ae\par
\tab - duplicate of droid store for the moment\par
sle_m30aa\par
\tab - more placeables added\par
201tel\par
\tab - Sloomie added for Sleheyron Quest\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.9\par
Malachor V\par
\tab - Sideways Door Included thanks to VarsityPuppet\par
Extended Carth Meeting\par
\tab - Dialog and changes by danil-ch included\par
Extended Jedi Council\par
\tab - Extended Jedi Council Meeting by Kexikus included to pave way for the bonus quests on the new planets.\par
950COR\par
\tab - Character Files and Script from Extended Jedi Council Meeting added to the module\par
954COR\par
\tab - HK-50 Encounter added to Coruscant Landing Platform\par
233TEL\par
\tab - Mercenary at Czerka Site to prevent AI entering combat again after the second encounter\par
Dialog File - 261TEL\par
\tab - 117987 Typo Fixed "Field Assessment: I have picked up the heat forms of the Jedi and his allies."\par
\tab - changes to "I have picked up on the heat forms" in line with the actual dialog.\par
003EBO\par
\tab - Original File Restored temporarily\par
Sleheyron\par
\tab - Droid Shop added.\par
\tab - Streets filled with Gammorreans\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.8\par
Galaxy Map\par
\tab - New Sleheyron planet Icon\par
Coruscant\par
\tab - Kexikus Planet Texture and Icon included\par
Force Speed Blur\par
\tab - Force Speed Blur fixed for Yavin Orbital Station\par
Peragus\par
\tab - Peragus added back to the Galaxy Map replacing the Extra Planet Slot\par
\tab - Galaxy Map now shows after Peragus and allows travel to Telos\par
\tab - Galaxy Map not present in Tutorial\par
Malachor V\par
\tab - Now Inaccessible but remains on the galaxy map the same as Peragus after completing the game\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.7\par
299tel\par
\tab - HK-50 droids lined up as well as the HK-51s\par
Planetary 2DA\par
\tab - Malachor Planet Model Changed to the correct model\par
\tab - new planet model added for Lehon the Unknown World\par
\tab - new planet icon added for Lehon\par
Galaxy Map Alternate GUI\par
\tab - Lehon Planet Icon added\par
Global Journal\par
\tab - Quest Title and Text added for Mystery Box Quest\par
001ebo\par
\tab - Dialog added to the galaxy map for travelling to Peragus and the ability to exit the dialog at the end of the Tutorial\par
Galaxy Map\par
\tab - Entering Telos for the first time no longer starts paused\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.6\par
Sleheyron\par
\tab - fixed the maps and corrected the doors\par
\tab - some parts of the map are still broken and the skybox is missing\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.5\par
M478\par
\tab - updated mini maps from m478\par
galaxy map\par
\tab - fixed being able to leave the ebon hawk in hyperspace\par
\tab - added hyperspace movies to play at specific times ( after peragus, after telos, after ravager, after game )\par
205tel\par
\tab - added a dialog option to refuse Carth an audience after the ravager\par
262tel\par
\tab - fixes being able to leave during hyperspace after leaving the academy\par
003ebo\par
999ebo\par
\tab - stopped the cut-scene before Malachor from looping every time the player enters the ebon hawk\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.4\par
alternate galaxy map\par
\tab - Korriban & Dantooine have been moved to a more similar position to how they are in the first game\par
\tab - this is optional I know some people opt for the canon galaxy map positions\par
galaxy map\par
\tab - after peragus checking the galaxy map triggers your arrival to Telos\par
sleheyron\par
\tab - models reconverted using mdlops\par
\tab - some models still missing m30aa / m31aa\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.3.5\par
Notes by module\par
262TEL - Secret Academy\par
Removed Holographic Planet ( Seemed out of place, wasn't there originally )\par
305NAR - Jekk Jekk Tunnels\par
Added missing door in the Jekk Jekk Tarr Tunnels\par
801DRO - Landing Arm\par
Extra Door to block darkness behind entrance\par
802DRO - Central Zone\par
Door Health Corrected\par
Black Market Voice Removed - Causes Crash\par
803DRO - Environment Control Zone\par
2 floating mines removed\par
804DRO - Industry Control Zone\par
New Doors Added\par
805DRO - Main Behavior Core\par
Entrance Waypoint in line with the door\par
806DRO - Archon I Behavior Core\par
Entrance Waypoint in line with the door\par
807DRO - Archon II Behavior Core\par
now links to 812DRO\par
808DRO - Central Zone [RADIATED]\par
Door Health Corrected\par
Black Market Droid Voice Removed - Causes Crash\par
812DRO - Industry Control Zone\par
Made from 810DRO & 811DRO\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.3\par
650DAN\par
\tab - entering no longer causes the Nihilus cutscene unless it is before Ravager\par
\tab - exiting no longer jumps to 006ebo if the player has finished the Ravager\par
Galaxy Map\par
\tab - hyperspace transitions for the ebon hawk no longer exit to previous destination\par
\tab - party select screen still shows after leaving telos polar academy but goes nowhere\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.2\par
galaxy map\par
\tab - lehon and extra planet now exit properly\par
yav_m51aa\par
yav_m51aaE\par
205TEL\par
\tab - loading screens ( placeholders )\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.1\par
601DANE\par
\tab - dantooine grove added to end game levels\par
dan_m14ac\par
dan_m14ad\par
dan_m14ae\par
dan_m16aa\par
\tab - transitions fixed for end game levels\par
tat_m17ae\par
\tab - blank journal entry added for mysterious box\par
global.jrl\par
\tab - blank journal entry added\par
Galaxy Map\par
\tab - extra planet enabled along with the rest of the planets after escaping telos\par
\tab - after peragus galaxy map travels directly to telos instead of opening the galaxy map\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.7.0\par
Galaxy Map\par
\tab - return destinations fixed for Sleheyron & Lehon\par
904mal\par
262tel\par
\tab - made sure that Telos is set to the active planet after leaving the Telos Polar Academy\par
\tab - telos is also set to the active planet after finishing the game\par
globalcat.2da\par
\tab - "LEAVING_POLAR" Boolean added and used for finishing malachor and leaving the academy\par
\tab - used to check if you have left the academy or finished the game, it then sets the active planet to Telos\par
\tab - it then sets the Boolean to FALSE\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.9\par
tat_m17ab\par
tat_m17abE\par
\tab - Exit to the Ebon Hawk Text Updated\par
yav_m51aa\par
yav_m51aaE\par
\tab - Extra Planet Slot added, temporary housing is an empty yavin duplicate.\par
Galaxy Map\par
\tab - now removes Malachor V after game completion.\par
End Game\par
\tab - end game levels updated to match normal in game levels\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.8\par
001ebo\par
\tab - Kashyyyk no longer appears as it replaces Peragus_Tutorial but the galaxy map works as intended after completing the tutorial.\par
003ebo\par
\tab - Added the ability to manually travel to Malachor V after talking to Carth\par
liv_m99ab\par
\tab - Sleheyron added and docking platform walkmesh fixed\par
unk_m41aa\par
\tab - Lehon added\par
201tele\par
202tele\par
203tele\par
204tele\par
207tele\par
208tele\par
209tele\par
\tab - Restored partial original functionality\par
231tele\par
232tele\par
233tele\par
298tele\par
299tele\par
\tab - These empty zones are included again\par
Tatooine\par
\tab - Before & After ending maps modified to have correct text on doors.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.7\par
dan_m14ac\par
\tab - Rodian / to 601DAN Dialog Skippable\par
\tab - Rodian Facing East? -1.5\par
dan_m14ad\par
\tab - music updated to match 601dan\par
dan_m14ae\par
\tab - music updated to match 604dan\par
dan_m16aa\par
\tab - music updated to match 602dan\par
\tab - missing texture added\par
105per\par
\tab - All four turrets lined up with each other ( X Co-ordinates )\par
601dan\par
\tab - Rodian / to Grove Dialog Skippable\par
\par
After Ending\par
\tab - Kashyyyk \tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Manaan \tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Tatooine \tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Coruscant \tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - M4-78\tab\tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Korriban\tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Telos\tab\tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Nar Shaddaa\tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Dantooine\tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Dxun\tab\tab Blank Levels Added\par
\tab - Temporary / Duplicate Loading Screens Created for all END levels\par
\tab - Telos Restoration Zones, Dxun Temple Zones and Dantooine Grove Zones Removed & Set Aside For Later Use\par
\par
All END levels changed to add just an E at the end due to module name restrictions for loading screen file names\par
\par
the character limit for modules is 10 if you want to include a loading screen\par
\par
All end game levels traversable after completing the game ( empty at the moment )\par
\par
Kashyyk Typo in Dialog File Fixed\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.6\par
kas_m22ab - Kashyyk Missing Texture Added\par
\par
299tel - Deactivated HK-50 Droids Lined up with each other\par
\par
610dan - Visibility file 03,04,05 & 06 see each other respectively\par
\par
601dan - Rodian can take the player to Dantooine Grove area\par
\par
dan_m14ac - Rodian can take the player back to Khoonda\par
dan_m14ad\par
dan_m14ae\par
dan_m16aa - doors all unlocked\par
\tab - loading screens and minimaps added\par
\tab - transitions all fixed\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.5\par
602DAN - visibility file fixes for 602dan for three different positions\par
\par
( 602danb added to visibility list for 602dane )\par
\par
( 602dang added to visibility for 602dane and 602dand )\par
\par
804DRO - Spawn Location from 812DRO adjusted so the camera isn't out of bounds (door across map was invisible on spawn)\par
\par
tat_m17aa - HK-50 Group Attack ( uses same dialog as 502OND, set off by trigger )\par
\par
tat_m17ab - removed placeables and characters to start laying out a new tatooine\par
\par
man_m26ad - HK-50 Group Attack ( Same Dialog, set off by opening hanger door )\par
\par
kas_m22aa - trialing Revan DS/LS/M/F checks by spawning Wookie or Czerka Guard at Landing Pad\par
\par
kas_m22ab - HK-50 Group Attack ( Same Dialog, set off by trigger )\par
\par
HK-47 now gets added back to the party after battle with the HK-50 groups\par
\par
HK Factory Quest Advances Properly Using Groups on Tatooine, Manaan & Kashyyk\par
\par
506OND - Conflicting Script needs removing manually by the user, all three scripts from "end_" folder just to be safe\par
I will package these within 904MAL for future use.\par
\par
904MAL - Packaged with the three scripts that caused conflict with the Royal Palace on Onderon\par
\par
Dantooine Grove from K1 Added along with crystal caves, sandral grounds and the sandral estate.\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.4\par
809DRO - Fixed IS-02 Mission ( After rebuilding the droid could be encountered repeatedly )\par
\tab - Restored Recharging Bay 2 ( Camera View )\par
\tab - Northernmost Door Updated Co-ordinates to keep it in line with the scenery.\par
\par
M4-78 Fog Fixes included by TimurD2003\par
\par
305NAR - Jekk Jekk Tunnels ( Visibility fix for 305nar_56 to see 305nar_63 )\par
\par
351NAR - Goto's Yacht ( Visibility for 351narj added to 351narl )\par
\tab\tab\tab ( Visibility for 351narg added to 351narb )\par
\par
Missing Port Patch Notes 0.6.3\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.2\par
805,806 and 807 entrance lined up with doors.\par
\par
812 fixed to open archon door with 811's on enter script\par
\par
both scripts 810 & 811 on enter combined, rebuild and update\par
\par
rapid transit system fixed to use 812 instead of 810\par
\par
Missing Port Patch Notes 0.6.1\par
\par
Port Patch Notes 0.6.0 ( Note the incorrect version number )\par
\par
Expanded Galaxy Project v0.5.7 Yavin Demo Release by Thor110\par
\par
<----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------->\par
}
 